Sun Han-gyul.
That's his name.
I'll come back for you.
I'll come for you two.
EPISODE 7
The number you have dialed is unavailable.
Please leave a voicemail after the beep.
I told you clearly.
If I don't hear from you today...
you're dead to me.
From now on,
you're nobody to me.
I'm erasing your name,
your face, everything.
EDIT - DELETE
DELETE?
YES
NO
BIG SIS
THAT WOMAN
I...
I haven't even touched
your fingernail, but...
But you had...
coffee with her...
and held hands with her.
So…
you were mad at me because of that?
You told me to trust you,
and you did that with another woman.
You're right, Ms. Bom.
What?
I, Sun Jae-gyu...
don't keep my word.
I'm not as strong as I look,
and I'm not intelligent, cultured,
refined or patient.
I'm sorry.
I can't wait any longer.
Ms. Bom.
Ms. Bom!
I'm not normally like this.
Why are you so impatient?
I'm sorry.
A man's fiery heart
can only take so much. Gosh.
Well,
the one who started the fire
is partly responsible.
Let's not talk about this anymore.
But...
you've got to tell me who she is.
Who is she? An ex?
A female friend? Or...
your current girlfriend?
Absolutely not.
Then who is she?
She's actually...
-from insurance.
-From insurance?
Who gets that close
with an insurance agent?
Which type of insurance?
What type of coverage is it?
Well...
What was it called?
Actual expense health insurance.
She said people live to be 100 these days,
so I can't go without health insurance.
Apparently, she's known as
the Doberman of the insurance world.
Once she bites, she never lets go.
So, did she bite you?
Come on, Ms. Bom.
I'm the kind of guy
who's basically insurance himself.
I never get sick,
so why bother with insurance?
Then she'll come back.
That won't happen.
If that woman comes back...
I told you clearly.
I erased your name, your face, everything.
If you show up around here again...
you're dead.
All right, I understand.
So, we're good now?
I just need to wait two years
as we promised.
Yes, two years.
Right, two years.
You should go.
Sure. I'm off, then.
-By the way...
-Yes, what is it?
Don't we get a vacation or something?
-A vacation?
-Yes.
What's a vacation for?
Well, you see,
vacations are meant to
improve productivity, right?
So...
if I could just spend a day with you,
eat some good food, and go on a date,
I think I could patiently wait
for two years.
Or maybe not?
Just for a day, right?
Yes.
Just one day after Green Narae wraps up?
You got it! Just one day.
Are you really going to Shinsu?
What do you mean, "stop"?
My daughter, whom I haven't heard from
in over a year, called me at 7:48 a.m.
asking for tickets
to Song Ga-in's concert.
How could I stop? I should go for it.
You got the wrong signal,
so back up first.
What's going on?
I thought Bom's sudden change of heart
was all part of your big picture.
You said earlier,
that if anything came up,
I should make sure to hire you.
Unfortunately, I did...
say that.
I'd like to officially hire you
to handle the settlement...
for Sun Jae-gyu's assault case.
I was trying to draw the big picture,
but my pencil slipped for a moment.
How distracted were you
for your pencil to slip?
There's no need to rush.
If you can't do it,
just give me the address.
I've already packed up,
so I'll go myself
and finish this face to face.
Are you saying you can't trust me?
Do you want a monthly report or something?
Do you actually have a plan?
So the thief
got caught red-handed
in Jjang-gu's chili field?
Who was it?
Who took it all,
the meju and the gold medal?
-A deer.
-A deer?
There was a deer in the field...
-Yeah.
-...and its neck was shining.
-My goodness.
-It turns out
it was wearing
Dong-pyo's grandma's gold medal.
My goodness.
We blamed the wrong person.
That could've been bad.
My goodness. Look at that.
Isn't that Mr. Evil Thoughts?
Oh, dear. That's terrifying.
It's such a beautiful day today!
He plowed the field in the scorching sun.
Did the sun fry his brain?
He's smiling like an idiot.
Where's he going?
He graduated top of his class
in law at Hanguk University.
He also finished
the 47th Judicial Training Institute
at the top of his class.
He was recognized for his exceptional
talent as a junior lawyer
at Law Firm Sujun,
winning the Outstanding New Lawyer Award.
There's still a lot left.
If you're going to go over
my whole résumé,
your voice might give out, Mr. Hong.
"Meet a successful professional."
What do you all think success is?
Here's what I think success really is.
SOMEONE ON MY SIDE
"Someone on my side"?
Having someone fully on your side,
is there anything
more successful than that?
When I meet a client for the first time,
I always start with this promise.
"I'll be on your side."
We all face unfair situations at times.
Sometimes, people you trusted
turn their backs on you,
and it feels like no one's on your side.
Don't.
Completely being on your side.
That's what being a lawyer is all about.
Uncle.
I need a small favor.
Could you order some nice galbi
for the Green Narae field trip?
Come on!
What? Why?
Did you lose some muscle in your jaw?
You've been going around
with that grin lately.
Why? Everyone keeps saying
something's off about me.
See for yourself.
Why on earth
are you walking around like that?
The truth is,
after this field trip,
I'm going on a date for one day
with Ms. Bom.
Just imagine going on a date with Se-jin.
Could you stop smiling?
Well, I get that.
Ms. Bom might be turned off
if you act like this.
Why would she get turned off?
Se-jin's brother came to school today,
all dressed up in a suit.
Even with all those people watching,
he stayed composed and spoke perfectly.
Everyone in the auditorium was so moved
that they gave him a standing ovation.
I have no plans for college,
yet I almost wanted to be a lawyer.
What about Ms. Bom?
Did she give a standing ovation too?
She clapped the most.
To be honest,
you won't be an official couple
for another two years.
Until then, she's free to date anyone.
So stop acting silly
and tone down the grin.
Got it?
Got it.
So your teacher gave a standing ovation
to Choi I-jun?
Watch closely on this field trip.
See how your teacher reacts.
-Got it?
-Got it.
Enjoy.
You know Choi I-jun, the lawyer?
He pointed right at me
and said, "I'll be on your side."
Suddenly, I could barely breathe,
and my heart started racing like crazy.
I heard he and Sun Jae-gyu
are the same age.
And yet, they're completely different.
-Right? The other day...
-Yes.
...did you see Sun Jae-gyu
acting out in handcuffs?
How could women flock to that thief?
I just don't get it.
I should set a few things straight.
Mr. Sun isn't a thief.
He was trying to catch the thief.
The woman you saw
isn't Mr. Sun's girlfriend.
She's an insurance agent.
An insurance agent?
Come on, that's ridiculous.
Mr. Wi, you saw them.
The way they were looking at each other,
did that look like an insurance agent
and a client to you?
If I had to describe the look in her eyes,
it was like she was looking
at a priceless treasure.
Good observation.
Once she sets her mind on a client,
there is no letting go.
So she's known as
the Doberman of the insurance world.
Is that so?
That's great.
My gums have been acting up,
so I was going to get dental insurance.
When's that insurance agent coming again?
I hate to break it to you,
but there's no way
she'll ever be back in this area.
By the way, Ms. Bom,
how did you know all that?
Look at the time.
I have a field trip, so I better go.
-Answer before you go.
-She knows everything.
Ms. Bom, we'll go ahead.
-Okay.
-See you in a bit.
-See you soon.
-Okay.
Ms. Bom!
Ms. Bom.
Something's going on
with you and Sun Jae-gyu, right?
Nothing's going on.
My twins saw you the other day.
Bom-sik!
They saw him entering your place.
I thought he was just a thug
with a dragon tattoo on his arm.
But seeing him at the sports fest
and catching the thief,
he's competitive and righteous.
I realized he's not just a dumb guy.
The more you're around him,
the more you want to stay close to him,
am I right?
He didn't come to my place
to get close to me.
Well, the dog I adopted
was rescued by him.
So he came by to check in.
You've been looking really pretty lately.
You totally have that dating glow.
I hear you're going on a field trip
to where Han-gyul's uncle works.
Ms. Seo.
The purpose of our visit is strictly
for the Energy Club field trip...
Oh, the bus is here.
Well then...
There's something going on.
What if the students hear that at school?
Pull yourself together, Yoon Bom.
If the students find out, you're done for.
When you see Mr. Sun today,
you need to be completely hostile
and as cold as possible.
Remember that feeling when
you first saw him with the chicken skewer.
-Wow.
-Wow, it's so refreshing.
I wish this land was mine.
It's gigantic.
Why is it so big?
Wow, this place is insane.
I don't see Mr. Sun here today.
Oh, right.
Him?
This is Philip. Can you hear me?
Current wind speed is fine.
The nacelle's hooked up.
Rope's going down!
All right.
Welcome to our plant, Green Narae!
Uncle, let me tell you something.
It was perfect.
Master, I thought
I was watching an action film.
What you just saw wasn't a movie.
These wind turbines make wind energy,
and the blades are prone to damage
from airborne objects or birds.
That's why our plant constantly monitors
and maintains the turbines
both on the ground and in the air.
Ms. Bom,
I've got a new dream starting today.
It's not to marry an idol,
it's to join JQ Energy.
What do you think, Ms. Bom?
Do you like the size of the company?
Well...
It's tall.
"Tall..."
Is that it?
We can see the solar plant too, right?
Sure.
-Director Gu, escort them.
-Sure.
-Follow me.
-Let's go.
-This way.
-Go on.
Shinsu Power Plant covers roughly
1,058,000 square meters.
We have 82,000 modules here alone,
and it generates
around 47 gigawatts per year.
Currently, we own three power plants,
including ones in Ulsan and Dangjin,
and we're planning a wind farm in Taebaek.
We're aiming to go public on KOSDAQ
within three years.
No matter how big it is,
the business model itself is limited,
so it'd be hard to go public
without a unique factor.
Choi Se-jin.
That's a great question.
To address those issues,
our company invests
24% of our annual revenue in R&D
and is developing technology to prevent
performance drops caused by pollution.
Uncle, don't you need another nephew?
If you want to adopt a kid, I'll cut ties
with my twin brother right away.
I'll pass.
What do you think, Ms. Bom?
Do you like the company's vision?
Well...
It's fine.
Could we meet the CEO today?
Se-jin wants to learn more
about running a power plant.
Director Gu!
Escort them.
Sure. Everyone, come this way.
-Okay.
-Let's go.
CEO'S OFFICE
Sir, we're coming in.
Hello.
We're from the Green Narae Energy Club
at Shinsu High.
CEO SUN JAE-GYU
Hello.
I'm Sun Jae-gyu, CEO of JQ Energy.
Your uncle is...
a CEO?
That's right.
The "J" stands for Jae,
and the "Q" stands for Gyu.
I, Sun Jae-gyu, am the CEO of JQ Energy.
Master, you totally look like
a Forbes cover model.
Do you guys know what this fabric is?
Perfect husband material!
Honestly, my uncle
is the best husband material.
He's strong, influential,
-and rich.
-Oh, stop it.
Well, what do you think, Ms. Bom?
Do you like the CEO of this company?
Why do you keep asking me?
Well...
it seems you were quite shocked to hear
that I'm the CEO of this company.
Yes, I was surprised. I did get surprised.
That said, since Han-gyul's uncle
runs the company,
I think we can ask more freely
about how the plant is run.
Isn't that right, Se-jin?
Ms. Bom, why do you keep
dragging me into this?
The kids must be hungry.
When do we get dinner?
Director Gu.
Escort them.
Sure. Please, come this way.
-Let's go!
-You scared me!
Today, I'll do a live demo
of the armbar transition
from knee-on-belly.
Why are you putting lipstick on
when you're heading to work out?
I'm not going to the dojo.
You said watching me
was more fun than TV shows.
Who are you meeting?
Where are you off to in this nightgown?
What's wrong with you?
Is it that guy?
That jerk who got divorced, right?
Why are you calling someone
you barely know "that jerk"?
So he talks all smooth
in a Seoul accent while smiling at you.
You think that means
he's into you or something?
Men like that are so predictable.
He's lonely away from home
and wants a woman to fool around with.
That works out.
I'm lonely too, so that works.
This isn't it.
Geez, what's wrong with her?
I heard they're going
to an amusement park this weekend.
An amusement park?
Yes.
Ms. Seo wouldn't fall for that, would she?
A romance scam.
What cam?
Didn't you see on the news?
They act interested
and pretend to love you
just to get your personal info,
take your money, and then vanish.
It's a scam that preys on lonely people.
Anchovy spicy paste.
POCHEON-STYLE MARINATED GALBI
Han-gyul, here's the galbi you mentioned.
The meat looks really good.
The color's great. Bring it over.
Hey, Han-gyul.
Was the field trip underwhelming today?
Not at all. It was amazing.
But why has your teacher
been cold and distant all day?
Go on, hurry.
Where's she going?
Philip.
What?
What are you doing?
We want some too.
Why are you giving
all the galbi to Se-jin?
That's...
because it's the best cut, so I gave it
to the person I care about the most.
Eat up.
I meant to give you a gift myself.
I don't think I need your help anymore.
I've found an amazing tutor.
I'll pass on this too.
I'm on a diet.
Eat up.
Wow, see how juicy it is?
It's incredible.
How come Se-jin won't eat
something this tasty?
Guys, she gave it to me.
This is amazing.
You can eat it too. Go ahead and eat.
What's wrong with you, Yoon Bom?
You should be hostile.
Why can't you take your eyes off him?
Wait, I didn't look because I wanted to.
How can I ignore those veins
popping under his shirt?
How could anyone ignore
his forearms flexing while grilling?
-Ms. Bom.
-What?
Why did you come here?
Did something bother you today?
No, that's not it.
Earlier today,
Ms. Seo asked me about our relationship.
Did you know that?
Han-gyul seems
to have noticed something too.
And the twins talked
about husband material.
Who cares what the twins say?
The kids are simply enjoying the meat.
This isn't going to work.
Let's just call off our date.
Ms. Bom.
Do you realize how cruel
what you just said is to me?
I've been waiting for that day,
trying not to smile every day.
I feel like my face is going to cramp up.
What are we going to do if we get caught?
I'll do my best to plan the route
so you don't have to worry.
Even so--
I'll find the perfect spot
so we don't run into anyone
and no one gets suspicious.
-Mr. Sun.
-Ms. Bom.
You trust me, right?
Tomorrow,
I'll go pick you up at your place.
Gosh, I almost got butterflies again.
Were you that excited
to be late for tutoring?
When a guy gives a woman meat,
isn't that basically a proposal?
-What kind of meat?
-Pocheon galbi.
What will you name your grandson?
Seriously, he's a player.
If he doesn't like me,
why's he being so nice?
Who's so nice to you?
Jjun, I'm not the type to fall for a guy
just because he's popular
with all the girls.
I'm not the type to be swayed
by cheap niceties
or bribed with meat.
Is this the crush denial period?
Me?
I'm Choi Se-jin, though.
Se-jin.
I'm fine with anyone you date,
but before that,
let's beat Sun Han-gyul first.
Sorry, but I'm a bit confused right now.
So maybe you should take down
Han-gyul's uncle first.
You should forget about that boy's face
and just picture Sun Han-gyul.
I'll make sure you get a Grade 1
on your report card this final.
Let's go to page 136.
You need to use the first term
and the common difference.
But it's a lot faster and easier
if you use the arithmetic mean.
Ms. Bom!
Get in.
What time is it?
It's 4:30 a.m.
It's 4:30 a.m.?
After midnight,
it counts as that day, right?
Even so, the sun hasn't risen,
and I haven't even washed up yet.
Really?
You're this pretty without washing up.
If you do, I'll need to go plow again.
Where are we going this early?
The first thing on our schedule...
is the sunrise.
I picked a time and place
where we won't run into anyone,
so you don't have to worry.
You're right.
There's no one around.
I told you to trust me.
Here, I've packed some food.
Help yourself if you're hungry.
Cover up with this if you're cold.
So chilly. Gosh, it's chilly.
-One, two.
Dong-pyo. Mr. Wi.
Mr. Wi?
-One, two.
Oh, that's Master.
Master. What are you doing here alone?
Hey.
-I came to see the sunrise.
-By yourself?
Don't you know I'm an introvert?
Come on, let's run together.
I'll pass.
I need some time alone to think.
You guys go on.
Okay, then, turn around!
-One, two.
They're gone.
-Come on out.
-Are they gone?
-One, two.
-Turn around!
-But they're coming back.
-One, two.
Master!
Why are you coming here? Go!
Take a break!
We thought you might be lonely,
so we decided to stop running
and watch the sunrise with you.
Why are you guys...
so awfully thoughtful?
Goodness, my legs.
What's wrong? Is everything okay?
It's nothing.
I didn't sleep well last night,
so my breathing is a little unsteady.
By the way,
what's this?
-Isn't this food?
-No, it's not.
I've been feeling hungry. Can I try one?
There's no food!
-Open it.
-No, it's not!
Open it.
-Let's eat.
-Yeah.
It's to die for.
It's so good.
I...
stayed up all night
cooking and preparing this.
Sorry about this.
What do I do?
Sorry I made you go through that.
Are you sure no one saw me?
They didn't see anything but the blanket.
By the way,
they ate up all the food I packed for you.
Who cares about food right now?
I do.
It's our first date,
so you've got to eat well.
Hop in.
Watch your step.
What restaurant could be out
in these mountains?
This gukbap place
is a hidden gem I found recently.
I've never once run into
anyone from Shinsu here.
Let's head in.
Watch your step.
This is Shinsu's Michelin-rated place.
I've never run into
a single person from Shinsu--
Ms. Bom.
Principal!
Did you two come together?
Oh, my. Han-gyul's uncle.
Ms. Bom.
What brings you here?
I guess you like gukbap.
Yes, they call me
"the Minister of Gukbap."
Gukbap has been with me
throughout my life.
It's my comfort food.
I see.
Principal, what are you doing here
at this hour?
What? Oh, yes.
It's our anniversary today.
Wait, gukbap on your anniversary,
especially at 7:20 in the morning?
We're morning people.
On top of that, this place
is a hidden gem only we know.
It's where we had our first date
32 years ago.
I see.
So this place has been
a hidden gem for 32 years?
Happy anniversary to you both.
Oh, thank you very much.
Can I get gukbap here?
Sure.
That was so scary, right?
Do I look okay?
Of course. You look beautiful.
Wait, Hye-suk, your hair.
-Let's go.
-Geez.
Look at her flirting in that skirt.
This is so fun.
She's having the time of her life.
-Hye-suk.
-Yes?
It's hot. Shall we get some ice cream?
-Shall we?
-Yes.
I'll have chocolate.
Right, hello.
Two chocolates in cups, please.
Why are you so quick to pay?
Have some manners.
Mr. Jeong, what are you doing here?
You, take out your wallet.
What's wrong with you?
I said, take out your wallet.
Unbelievable.
Here.
Geez, what the hell?
What is wrong with him?
Don't they sell anything sharper
than cotton candy here?
I swear, I'm going to kill him.
Ms. Seo!
Why'd you come to this town?
I'm here for work, obviously.
Then just do your job and leave.
Why are you hitting on a single mom?
Hitting on her?
In Seoul,
this is what we call a "situationship."
A "situationship"?
Darn it.
Why are you doing this?
You better not be lying,
or this will turn into
a whole different "situation."
Understand? Believe it or not,
I'm the one and only PE teacher
at Shinsu High.
Hye-suk!
-Hye-suk!
-Keep it down.
Gosh, he's driving me crazy.
What's gotten into him?
Maybe it's the nice weather.
It's unusually crowded here today.
This won't do, let's go somewhere else.
What's going on today?
You see,
wouldn't it be safer
to be surrounded by a crowd
than a restaurant
with just a few tables like before?
And finals are coming up soon,
so there's no way students
or teachers would come.
What the heck?
Wait, where did they go?
Gosh, I'm still holding her purse.
Darn it.
Do we have to try this?
Ms. Bom.
Let's just do this one thing and leave.
You know what?
I've always wanted to go
to an amusement park with my boyfriend...
Let's go in there.
Let's go...
Hye-suk.
Ms. Seo. There's Ms. Seo!
Busted.
Hye-suk.
I can't handle this with my weak heart.
Wait, Hye-suk! Can't we not go in here?
Darn it.
What do we do? There...
Release my grudges!
No.
Get out of the way.
-Come in here.
-What?
We should hide from Ms. Seo. Hurry.
Ms. Bom.
I know you're in here. I already saw you.
-Where are you?
-Hye-suk.
I don't think we should go here.
Ms. Bom.
Ms. Bom, where are you?
Hye-suk, why are you looking for Ms. Bom?
Ms. Bom.
I know you're in here.
Who are you?
Release my grudges!
Yes, right in there. Ms. Bom!
Ms. Bom!
Sun Han-gyul?
I think we've done plenty for a date.
Shall we head home now?
Still, it's our first date.
We didn't catch the sunrise
or enjoy a good restaurant.
It's not like it was totally unexpected.
I do wish we'd had
that amusement park date, just a little.
You really wanted to go on the rides?
I just wanted a normal,
typical date like everyone else.
If that's what you want, we should do it.
Yeah, come with me.
Hop out.
Welcome to Jae-gyu Land!
What is this place?
It's a closed-down elementary school.
The playground's seen better days.
Anyone who wants to go
on the Viking, come over here.
Hey, you there.
Hey, beautiful lady.
Aren't you going to ride the Viking?
-Come on, quick.
-Okay.
It's free.
All right.
Hold on to the safety bar.
Here we go.
Want me to go a little slower?
No, go faster!
-Faster?
-Yes.
Okay! Hey, lady.
There's no one around here.
If you felt frustrated today,
scream as much as you want, okay?
Okay.
Here we go!
Hold on tight, or you'll fly off.
It's closing time.
No way.
Has it gotten this late already?
Let's say goodbye here.
Here, now?
I have one last thing
I want to say to you.
Can I just tell you three things?
You see,
I don't care for getting all romantic--
An average woman's BMR is 1,300 calories.
Make sure to balance
your carbs, protein, and fat
in a 5-3-2 ratio
based on your total calorie intake.
Once it's past midnight,
you won't see me for two years.
You're talking
about carbs, protein, and fat?
I'm saying, eat well
even when you're alone.
Take care of yourself
until the day we meet again.
What about the second thing?
There's bound to be at least one person
you feel like you want to kill.
When that happens,
just text me their name.
Are you going to kill them?
I'll scare them half to death.
Whoever gives you a hard time,
don't forget that
I won't let them get away with it.
Hold your head high
and don't let anyone intimidate you.
What's the last thing?
Here.
If one day, out of the blue,
you ever find yourself really missing me,
open it then.
I will.
Is there anything you want to tell me?
I'll say three things too.
First,
learn to be a little more cowardly.
Don't jump into others' troubles
and end up in handcuffs.
When you see injustice, hold back.
Hold your tongue.
Okay?
I'll keep that in mind.
For the second one...
Don't wear a suit in front of other women.
Why a suit...
I won't.
I'll put my suit in the closet
until the day I see you again,
and then I'll wear it.
What's the last one?
Nothing.
There isn't one?
The last one is pointless anyway.
I'll go, then.
Are we really... saying goodbye here?
Goodbye.
Okay. Take care, Ms. Bom.
No.
I guess I need to change
how I address you now, right?
Well then, goodbye, Ms. Yoon Bom.
Take care,
Han-gyul's uncle.
Mr. Sun.
Yes, Ms. Bom.
There's still 20 seconds left.
Can I say what I couldn't earlier?
Sure.
What is it?
Can you...
give me...
one last hug?
DANGER
KEEP OUT
Are you crying, Mr. Sun?
Now that you know I'm okay, stop crying.
Is there someone you're into?
His uncle... got knocked down?
Did Jae-gyu say I came to sell insurance?
That's impressive.
I just ran into that woman,
so tell me the truth.
-Were you with Ms. Bom?
-She came to my office.
Forget that. Where is she right now?
Ms. Bom!
Translated by UGKim